change(release): Make the latest tag point to the production build, rather than the build with experimental features (#7817)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

We recommend upgrading to the latest Zebra release to avoid download issues in new installs.

### DockerHub image tags

> Zebra 1.4.0 and later will not have a `v1.4.0` tag on [`zebrad` Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/zfnd/zebra/tags).
> If you need to stay on a particular version, use the `1.4.0`, `1.4` (patch releases only), or `1` (until NU6) tags.

Author: ```suggestion
Zebra currently publishes 11 [DockerHub tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/zfnd/zebra/tags) for each new release.
We want to reduce the number of DockerHub tags we publish at the next minor Zebra release 1.5.0.

Based on usage and user feedback, we could stop publishing:
- The `1` tag, which updates each release until NU6
- The `1.x` tag, which updates each patch release until the next minor release
- The `1.x.y` tag, which is the same as `v1.x.y`
- The `sha-xxxxxxx` tag, which is the same as `v1.x.y` (for production releases)

We also want to standardise experimental image tags to `-experimental`, rather than `.experimental`.

So for release 1.5.0, we might only publish these tags:
- `latest`
- `latest-experimental` (a new tag)
- `v1.5.0`
- `v1.5.0-experimental`

Please let us know if you need any other tags by [opening a GitHub ticket](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/issues/new?assignees=&labels=C-enhancement%2CS-needs-triage&projects=&template=feature_request.yml&title=feature%3A+).
```
